Modify Rule S3649: Education Framework (APPSEC-46 & APPSEC-47) (#1109)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3649/impact.adoc

=== What is the potential impact?

An attacker creates a link that injects malicious commands into the
application, knowing that a database server executes them. This link contains

> custom queries that are refined to fit into the existing application query.

Author: Actually, maybe less is more in that case - I removed attempts to explain exploit, and it may be clearer

> custom queries that are refined to fit into the existing application query.

Author: Actually, I got inspiration from your text, and removed the genre him to they

=== What is the potential impact?

An attacker creates a database query that injects malicious commands into the

> application, knowing that a database server executes them.

Reviewer: @pedro-oliveira-sonarsource although it's called `impact.adoc` this part is an introduction to what comes next and it's expected that it puts the following scenario in a more specific context.

> An attacker creates a database query that injects malicious commands into the
> application, knowing that a database server executes them.

Reviewer: I feel like Pedro, this sentence is ambiguous. The application does the "database query" not the attacker who only influences it.
Also, as I shared last week, I think we should try to be more specific. We should pick a specific context like web application + SQL rather than staying abstract/high level and try to cover all cases. Therefore I reiterate the suggestion I did in my last review.

```suggestion
An attacker discovered an SQL injection in a web application. He will try to inject pieces of SQL statements and refine them until they fit into the existing SQL query.
```

Author: Ok, I thought I processed your message from last week. I am taking your advice in my next commit

> application, knowing that a database server executes them.

Author: Yeah, that's a specific nuance that may cause ambiguities to users, agreed. Technically we could say the attackers create a query, and then inject the query into another query - the sentence I wrote is ambiguous about this, I will change it
